Add reminders protobuf section (#4058)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/actors/actors-timers-reminders.md

- The executions run out
- You delete it explicitly

## Reminder data serialization format

> Actor reminder data is serialized to JSON by default. Dapr supports a protobuf seralization format for reminders data which, depending on throughput and size of the payload, can result in significant performance improvements, giving developers a higher throughput and lower latency. Another benefit is storing smaller data in the actor underlying database, which can result in cost optimizations when using some cloud databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actor reminder data is serialized to JSON by default. In Dapr v1.13 onwards supports a protobuf serialization format for reminders data which, depending on throughput and size of the payload, can result in significant performance improvements, giving developers a higher throughput and lower latency. Another benefit is storing smaller data in the actor underlying database, which can result in cost optimizations when using some cloud databases. A restriction with using protobuf serialization is that the reminder data can no longer be queried. 
```

Reviewer: Can we indicate a level of perf guidance improvement. For example expect between 10-20% perf improvement, so this is more explicit in the guidance?

Author: No, we can't indicate a level of performance improvement. Its dependent on an app's relative payload size and throughput

> **Protobuf serialization will become the default format in Dapr 1.14**. Reminder data saved in protobuf format will not be able to be read in Dapr 1.12.x and earlier. Its recommended to test this feature in Dapr v1.13 and verify that it works as expected with your database before taking this into production. If you are using protobuf serialization in Dapr v1.13 and need to downgrade to an earlier Dapr version of the sidecar, reminder data will become incompatible with versions 1.12.x and prior. **Once you save your reminders data in protobuf, you cannot move it back to JSON**.

Reviewer: {{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
Protobuf serialization will become the default format in Dapr 1.14
{{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: Put notes like the above into an alert.

Author: Done

> **Protobuf serialization will become the default format in Dapr 1.14**. Reminder data saved in protobuf format will not be able to be read in Dapr 1.12.x and earlier. Its recommended to test this feature in Dapr v1.13 and verify that it works as expected with your database before taking this into production. If you are using protobuf serialization in Dapr v1.13 and need to downgrade to an earlier Dapr version of the sidecar, reminder data will become incompatible with versions 1.12.x and prior. **Once you save your reminders data in protobuf, you cannot move it back to JSON**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reminder data saved in protobuf format cannot be read in Dapr 1.12.x and earlier versions. Its recommended to test this feature in Dapr v1.13 and verify that it works as expected with your database before taking this into production. 

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
If you use protobuf serialization in Dapr v1.13 and need to downgrade to an earlier Dapr version, the reminder data will be incompatible with versions 1.12.x and earlier versions. **Once you save your reminders data in protobuf format, you cannot move it back to JSON format**.
{{% /alert %}}
```

### Enabling protobuf serialization on Kubernetes

> To use protobuf serialization for actor reminders on Kubernetes, use the following helm value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use protobuf serialization for actor reminders on Kubernetes, use the following Helm value:
```

```

> --set dapr_placement.maxActorApiLevel=20

Reviewer: What a horrible setting name. Does the number 20 mean anything? It would be good to say why 20 is used as opposed to 10 or some other number

Author: It doesn't mean anything for users. We cannot explain why 20 and not 10, except that 20 enables it and 10 does not.

```

### Enabling protobuf serialization on self-hosted

To use protobuf serialization for actor reminders on self-hosted, use the following `daprd` flag:

```

> --max-api-level=20

Reviewer: This needs to be included in https://docs.dapr.io/reference/arguments-annotations-overview/ section
